feat: add `needsDrain` property (#368)
piscinajs/piscina: README.md

The current number of tasks waiting to be assigned to a Worker thread.

### Property: `needsDrain` (readonly)

> Boolean value that specifices wether the capacity of the pool has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boolean value that specifies whether the capacity of the pool has
```

The current number of tasks waiting to be assigned to a Worker thread.

> ### Property: `needsDrain` (readonly)

Reviewer: I think we don't need it anymore

Author: This is what will enable features like the one described in the issue:

```js
if (pool.needDrain) {
  await EE.once(pool, 'drain')
}
pool.runTask()
```

Otherwise, tricks will be required to use a flag on userland whenever the pool needs to be drained

Reviewer: but, wouldn't that be the case if the feature just subscribes to pool.on('drain')? am I missing something?

Reviewer 2: Yes you are missing something. The drain event only means that needaDrain goes from true to false, you still need the property for the other way around.

Reviewer: Oh, right. Maybe the terminology isn't clear enough.
